let's speak now to T abum he joins us
live from Dar bah and so Tark strikes on
refugee camps socalled safe zones all of
this must be leaving civilians even more
devastated than
ever yes that's right Sammy in fact what
is happening is a clear escalation from
the Israeli side regarding the attacking
refugee camps and areas before were
designated as safe humanitarian zones we
remember the attacks that were carried
out in Al masasa area and yesterday at
least 39 Palestinians have been reported
killed in ashati refugee camp as this
place was have been designated to be
safe as Israeli military started the
military incursion of rough of jabalia
refugee camp now clearly the Israeli
military is focusing on the refugee camp
due to its symbolism for Palestinians at
the same time Palestinians there have
been living for years and they have been
now been told by the Israeli military to
leave this battered camp that was widely
targeted since day one of the fighting
and after uh the eruption of this round
of conflict but seemingly Palestinians
as we have been talking to them in
ashati refugee camp they have expressed
their deep concerns and they are
absolutely terrified and Incredibly
unable to feel safe again because the
area that was targeted without getting
any prior warning from the military and
at the same time Israel says that the
targeting and the attack was aiming to
eliminate one of Hamas top military
officials while Hamas movement has said
that the attack was carried out against
aul residential neighborhood targeting
civilians and that is what we really
discovered later where the vast majority
of the victims were children and women
and but surprisingly what we've been
hearing from the civil defense Crews is
that they are still working till now in
order to recover the victims from under
the rule of the destroyed houses are
reports about dozens of Palestinians are
still messing as the members of the
civil defense saying that the we are
facing insurmountable challenges in
terms of extracting and bullying the
victims from under the remnants of the
destroyed houses due to the lack of
essential uh Med essential civil
supplies that are necessarily required
in order to help us to accelerate the
process of searching for survivors but
they have been saying that multiple
story buildings that they were destroyed
and these areas usually are overcrowd
and overwhelmed with evacuees and even
families that have been right now uh
completely now under the ruple of these
destroyed areas so Samy generally there
is a great sentiment of frustration
among people there in the north who are
not only suffering from the Israeli
ongoing attacks on refugee camps but
also from the ongoing starvation Rising
there day by day as well and thic it's
not just attacks which are picking up
reports of cases of malnutrition Rising
too tell us about
that yes in fact that's what the Gaza
Health Ministry in the north of the
strip says it's they say that they have
been recording more cases in terms of
malnutrition as the vast majority were
young children who are unable to get
their essential basic humanitarian
supplies including milk and essential
medical treatment in order to be uh
treated from the surging number of
diseases that continue to struck
the Norther part of Gaza now the Norther
part of the Gaza Strip generally is the
place that has witnessed different sorts
of pressure including military and even
humanitarian one as there is no any kind
of Aid get into the north of the strip
since the beginning of the military
incursion in jaali as whose citizens
have been punished by the Israeli
military despite the international uh
court of justice resolution to uh remove
all kind of obstacles and to increase
the capacity of Aid to uh people who are
in a very desperate need for but till
now as we've been hearing from locals
friends on the another part of Gaza they
say that we are about to die from
starvation due to the lack of all kinds
of basic Food Supplies
there all right thanks so much
tab make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz